Align element documentation with implementations (#15324)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/elements/pl-rich-text-editor.md

| `allow-blank`        | boolean                             | false                | Whether an empty input box is allowed. By default, empty submissions will not be graded (invalid format).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `clipboard-enabled`  | boolean                             | true                 | Whether the element supports cutting, copying and pasting the contents of the editor from the user interface. Note that the editor content is still available in the browser's developer tools, which would allow students to copy the content anyway. Also note that preventing operations like copying or pasting text may be detrimental to the student's experience, and as such should be avoided unless absolutely necessary.                       |

> | `counter`            | `"word"`, `"character"` or `"none"` | `"none"`             | Whether a word or character count should be displayed at the bottom of the editor. If `min-word-count` or `max-word-count` are set, then `counter` must be `"word"`; setting it explicitly to `"none"` or `"character"` is rejected.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: If word count is used, then the counter [defaults to "word"](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/blob/f5734fa7fd33b79e3261db4bd3199d0478ea8fee/apps/prairielearn/elements/pl-rich-text-editor/pl-rich-text-editor.py#L163-L167) and [does not need to be explicitly set](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/blob/f5734fa7fd33b79e3261db4bd3199d0478ea8fee/apps/prairielearn/elements/pl-rich-text-editor/pl-rich-text-editor.py#L127-L129).
```suggestion
| `counter`            | `"word"`, `"character"` or `"none"` | See description | Whether a word or character count should be displayed at the bottom of the editor. If `min-word-count` or `max-word-count` are set, then `counter` defaults to `"word"`; setting it explicitly to `"none"` or `"character"` is rejected. Otherwise, it defaults to `"none"`. |
```

Author: Resolved in dc98012de7 — applied your suggestion (defaults to `"word"` when a word count is set, `"none"` otherwise).

*- Claude*

> | `counter`            | `"word"`, `"character"` or `"none"` | See description      | Whether a word or character count should be displayed at the bottom of the editor. If `min-word-count` or `max-word-count` are set, then `counter` defaults to `"word"`; setting it explicitly to `"none"` or `"character"` is rejected. Otherwise, it defaults to `"none"`.                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: I think the wording here is confusing, the "setting it explicitly to `"none"` or `"character"` is rejected." seems separate from the statement about min and max work count. 

What about If "If min-word-count or max-word-count is set, then counter is forced to "word", and explicitly setting it to "none" or "character" is rejected. Otherwise, it defaults to "none"."

Author: Maybe phrasing like "... defaults to `"word"` and cannot set set to either `"none"` or `"character"`? I'll play with that a bit.

Author: Resolved in db5f0787 — reworded to "…`counter` defaults to `"word"` and cannot be set to `"none"` or `"character"`. Otherwise, it defaults to `"none"`."

*- Claude*
